feat: 633 use loop (#673)
Tresjs/tres: docs/api/composables.md

| **loop** | the renderer loop |

### useLoop <Badge text="v4.1.0" />

This composable allows you to execute a callback on every rendered frame, similar to `useRenderLoop` but unique to each `TresCanvas` instance and with access to the [context](#usetrescontext).

::: warning
`useLoop` can be only be used inside of a `TresCanvas` since this component acts as the provider for the context data.
:::

#### Register update callbacks

The user can register update callbacks (such as animations, fbo, etc) using the `onBeforeRender`

::: code-group

```vue [App.vue]
<script setup>
import { TresCanvas } from '@tresjs/core'
import AnimatedBox from './AnimatedBox.vue'
</script>

<template>
  <TresCanvas>
    <AnimatedBox />
  </TresCanvas>
</template>
```

```vue [AnimatedBox.vue]
<script setup>
import { useLoop } from '@tresjs/core'

const boxRef = ref()

const { onBeforeRender } = useLoop()

onBeforeRender(({ delta }) => {
  boxRef.value.rotation.y += delta
})
</script>

<template>
  <TresMesh ref="boxRef">
    <TresBoxGeometry />
    <TresMeshBasicMaterial color="teal" />
  </TresMesh>
</template>
```

:::

> Your callback function will be triggered just before a frame is rendered and it will be unmounted automatically when the component is destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your callback function will be triggered just before a frame is rendered and it will be deregistered automatically when the component is destroyed.
```

#### Take over the render loop

> The user can take over the render loop callback by using the `render` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take over the render call by using the `render` method.
```

```ts
const { render } = useLoop()

render(({ renderer, scene, camera }) => {
  renderer.render(scene, camera)
})
```

::: warning
Consider that if you take over the render loop, you will need to manually render the scene and take care of features like the conditional rendering yourself.
:::

#### Register after render callbacks (ex physics calculations)

> The user can also register after rendering callbacks using the `onAfterRender`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also register callbacks which are invoked after rendring by using the `onAfterRender` method.
```

```ts
const { onAfterRender } = useLoop()

onAfterRender(({ renderer }) => {
  // Calculations
})
```

#### Render priority

> Both useBeforeRender and useAfteRender provide an optional priority index. This indexes could be any from [Number.NEGATIVE_INFINITY, Number.NEGATIVE_INFINITY] being the default index 0. The lower the index, the earlier the callback will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both useBeforeRender and useAfteRender provide an optional priority number. This number could be anything from `Number.NEGATIVE_INFINITY` to `Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY` being the 0 by default. The lower the number, the earlier the callback will be executed.
```

```ts
onBeforeRender(() => {

>   console.count('before renderer')
> }, -1)
> 
> onBeforeRender(() => {
>   console.count('after renderer')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.count('triggered first')
}, -1)

onBeforeRender(() => {
  console.count('triggered second')
```

}, 1)
```

#### Params of the callback

All callbacks receive an object with the following properties:

> - `delta`: The delta time between the current and the last frame. This is the time in seconds since the last frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `delta`: The delta time between the current and the last frame. This is the time in milliseconds since the last frame.
```

- `elapsed`: The elapsed time since the start of the render loop.
- `clock`: The [THREE clock](https://threejs.org/docs/?q=clock#api/en/core/Clock) instance.
- `renderer`: The [WebGLRenderer](https://threejs.org/docs/#api/en/renderers/WebGLRenderer) of your scene.
- `scene`: The [scene](https://threejs.org/docs/?q=sce#api/en/scenes/Scene) of your scene.
- `camera`: The currently active camera.
- `raycaster`: The global raycaster used for pointer events.
- `controls`: The controls of your scene.
- `invalidate`: A method to invalidate the render loop. This is only required if you set the `render-mode` prop to `on-demand`.
- `advance`: A method to advance the render loop. This is only required if you set the `render-mode` prop to `manual`.

#### Pausing and resuming the update loop

You can use `pause` and `resume` methods:

```ts
const { onBeforeRender, pause, resume } = useLoop()

> onBeforeRender(({ elapse }) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onBeforeRender(({ elapsed }) => {
```

})
```

## useRenderLoop

> The `useRenderLoop` composable can be use for animations that doesn't require access to the [context](#usetrescontext). It allows you to register a callback that will be called on native refresh rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useRenderLoop` composable can be use for animations that don't require access to the [context](#usetrescontext). It allows you to register a callback that will be called on native refresh rate.
```

::: warning
 Since v4.1.0, `useRenderLoop` is no longer used internally to control the rendering, if you want to use conditional rendering, multiple canvases or need access to state please `useLoop` instead. [Read why](#useloop)
:::

```ts
const { onLoop, resume } = useRenderLoop()

onLoop(({ delta, elapsed, clock }) => {
  // I will run at every frame ~60FPS (depending of your monitor)
})
```

::: warning
Be mindful of the performance implications of using this composable. It will run at every frame, so if you have a lot of logic in your callback, it might impact the performance of your app. Specially if you are updating reactive states or references.
:::

The `onLoop` callback receives an object with the following properties based on the [THREE clock](https://threejs.org/docs/?q=clock#api/en/core/Clock):

> - `delta`: The delta time between the current and the last frame. This is the time in seconds since the last frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `delta`: The delta time between the current and the last frame. This is the time in milliseconds since the last frame.
```
